Add remote-host-not-found spago error to FAQ (#1316)
Plutonomicon/cardano-transaction-lib: doc/faq.md

You can prevent `npm` from ever installing to local `node_modules` by enabling the `packageLockOnly` flag in the `shell` argument to `purescriptProject`. When enabled, `npm i` will always act as if the `--package-lock-only` flag has been passed. This is not enabled by default, but we recommend enabling it.

### Q: I see `spago: Error: Remote host not found`, why?

An error like this one:

```
spago:
Error: Remote host not found

URL: https://github.com/purescript/package-sets/releases/download/psc-0.14.5-20220224/packages.dhall
```

> means that CTL overlay hasn't been properly applied. Add `cardano-transaction-lib.overlays.spago`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
means that the CTL overlay hasn't been properly applied. Add `cardano-transaction-lib.overlays.spago`.
```

> means that CTL overlay hasn't been properly applied. Add `cardano-transaction-lib.overlays.spago`.

Author: means that the CTL overlay hasn't been properly applied. Add `ctl.overlays.spago`.

> means that CTL overlay hasn't been properly applied. Add `cardano-transaction-lib.overlays.spago`.

Author: ```suggestion
means that the CTL overlay hasn't been properly applied. Add `ctl.overlays.spago`.
```
